# Monday February 17th, 2020

## LC # 708 - Insert Into a Sorted Circular Linked List

### My Approach

- Find pivot in list, e.g. where change from largest element to smallest element occurs through iterating
- Iterate over list starting from pivot (at this point, basically like iterating over a sorted list)

  - if inserted value is greater than current, and less than current.next, insert the value after current and before current.next

- Didn't code anything out yet

### LC Approach

- Iterate over a list using two pointers `prev` and `current`
- If `insert` val fits between `prev` and `current` such that `prev <= insert <= current`
- Multiple cases to handle:
  - "Case 1). The value of new node sits between the minimal and maximal values of the current list. As a result, it should be inserted within the list."
  - "Case 2). The value of new node goes beyond the minimal and maximal values of the current list, either less than the minimal value or greater than the maximal value. In either case, the new node should be added right after the tail node (i.e. the node with the maximal value of the list)."
  - "Case 3). Finally, there is one case that does not fall into any of the above two cases. This is the case where the list contains uniform values."
  - "The above three cases cover the scenarios within and after our iteration loop. There is however one minor corner case we still need to deal with, where we have an empty list. This, we could easily handle before the loop."

---

## LC # 380 - Insert, Delete, Get Random O(1)

### My Approach

- Use hash map to hold values, key = value, value = value and an array to hold all values that have been inserted before
- Insert
  - Just add to hash map and if it hasn't existed before in hash map, add to array as well
- Delete
  - Find value in hash map if exits, and set value to null
- GetRandom

  - Try to access random element in array in a while loop
    - If its value in the hash map is not null, return the value
    - If value is null, access another random index and see if the value in the hash map for that key is not null

- My approach didn't pass specs, but is similar to solution code

### LC Approaches

- Use a hash map and an array
  - In hash map, key is inserted value, and value is index of element
  - Array stores elements that are inserted
    - To remove an element, the removed element is moved to the end of the array and popped off. Done by swapping it with element current at end (if applicable) based on indices found in hash table
