# Friday February 14th, 2020

## LC # 797 - All Paths From Source to Target

- Graph question (I do not have much experience at all with them)
- Totally lost on approach and LC recursive solution

---

## LC sql # 182 - Duplicate Emails

### My Solution

- Look in `person` table, create groups of rows based on having the same `email`, and filter by emails that have more than 1 row when they are grouped. Select the `email`

```sql
select email
    from person
    group by email
    having count(*) > 1;
```

### LC Solution 1

```sql
select Email from
(
  select Email, count(Email) as num
  from Person
  group by Email
) as statistic
where num > 1
;
```

### LC Solution 2

- Counts emails rather than just raw number of entries in the `HAVING` clause. Does this cover more edge cases than my solution?

```sql
select Email
from Person
group by Email
having count(Email) > 1;
```

---

## InfoSys Questions to Ask Recruiter

- Can I extend decision to past the weekend. Was told previously over the phone I'd have a week to accept the offer

- What is company culture like?
- What is on-boarding / mentorship structure like?
- Which company would I be working for? State Farm, UBS?

---

## TTP Questions

### Question 1

- Use a stack, only pop off if a right parens can be closed, then return stack.length

### Question 2

- Create a hash table where keys are values in array, and values are the array value + k
- Loop through array again. For each element, check if element value exists in hash table as a key and that its value is not null. If it does, increment a counter to indicate a pair was formed. After, set key's value to null so we can know that we already used that to form a pair
  - Be explicit about checking if the key's value exists as a key in the hash table as k can be equal to 0, and just writing `if (value)` will ignore a k of 0. Write `if (value !== undefined)`

### Question 3

- Not sure, check output
- Timing out is an issue, most likely due to `inc` operation since we are doing a potentiall `n` time operation to `inc` up to indicated index
  - Could potentially try to batch the `inc` calls all into one array of values that we loop over once, instead of looping every time we see an `inc` call in the inner loop
  - Issue is that we'd need to adjust indices depending on how `pop` and `push` operations affect the stack we are using to keep track of operations

---

## LC sql # 196 - Delete Duplicate Emails

- I did not get solution, checked it

```sql
DELETE p1
    FROM Person p1, Person p2
    WHERE p1.Email = p2.Email && p1.id > p2.id;
```

- Apparently you can join tables to themselves and alias them separately, who knew? Definitely not me
- Explanation: https://leetcode.com/problems/delete-duplicate-emails/discuss/55553/Simple-Solution
