# Tuesday March 17th, 2020

## Peter Coffee Chat Advice

- Try to make it feel as natural as possible

### Questions Potentially to Keep Conversation Going

- How did they get their role? Out of Launch Day? Cold apply, referral?
- What did they focus their time on? Algos/DS, project work, an even split?
  - Type of applications? Cold applies, long applications, Lots of networking?
  - Advice they have to focus on?
    - A lot of advice was focus on basics learned at FSA, e.g. Javascript, HTML, CSS, React, SQL
- Overall job hunt experience?
- Anything they would have done differently? Anything you know now that you wish you knew during the job hunt?
- At end of convo, maybe, ask for a referral - "Hey saw this position, I'm kind of interested"
- Ask if they recommend anyone else you should talk to, whether it be a cohort mate or someone else

## Trying to Add Typescript to Existing Project (expense-tracker)

- Steps taken so far followed at `https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/` for adding Typescript to a CRA app
  - Ran this command `npm install --save typescript @types/node @types/react @types/react-dom @types/jest`
  - Changed all the extensions from `.js` to `.ts` in `src`
  - Error coming from `index.ts`
  - From my understanding, I need to add typings from React-Router and also begin to give types to my components so that Typescript will compile?
  - Added `@types/react-router-dom` as a dependency but getting same error - doesn't seem like TS is yelling at me in `index.ts` anymore at least in the import statement for `react-router-dom`
